h1. TextMetal

TextMetal is a powerful meta-programming framework written in C# and fully supports the commercial .NET Framework and the open source .NET Core runtime and portable platform standards. It uses XML as the extensible template language and hosts the JavaScript language run-time (Jint) to provide rich expression/logic support. NOTE: In the past, PowerShell and the dynamic language runtime Iron* languages were supported; these have been removed in favor of JavaScript/Jint.

Meta-programming is all about making software simpler and reusable through the use of programming language independent skills and computer programs that write new computer programs.

TextMetal is a framework for accelerating the delivery, increasing the quality, and reducing the time to market of small to enterprise scale software systems.

h2. Middleware for MVPs

TextMetal exposes a powerful set of middleware for rapidly building minimal viable products (MVPs) using the .NET technology stack. These are fully tested, production quality libraries designed to constrain software architectural choice while encouraging domain-specific creativity.

h3. Solder middleware

Solder is a framework written in C# that provides the 'glue' or 'solder' that wires together applications and libraries.

h3. Datazoid middleware

Datazoid is a .NET object persistence framework right out of the Hall of Nifty Things to Know.

h3. Textual middleware

(Too lazy to write a description at this moment in time.)

h3. Oxymoron middleware

(Too lazy to write a description at this moment in time.)

h2. License

See doc/LICENSE.txt.

h2. Project sponsors

Microsoft - BizSpark subscription
JetBrains - Resharper Ultimate subscription
Xamarin - Xamarin Platform subscription
GitHub - Free public repositories
